rpm: add install package example (#3291)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rpm.md

`rpm -qa '{{mariadb*}}'`

> - Install rpm package regardless of currently installed versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Forcibly install a package regardless of currently installed versions:
```
I think it reads clearer this way.

> `rpm -U {{some.rpm}} --force`

Reviewer 2: some.rpm is really a poor name. While we are here, let's change it to package_name.rpm here and the penultimate one.
